this great beer batter fish recipe was
submitted by Allrecipes member linda
allen one member comments i was very
pleasantly surprised the batter was
crispy and light the best i've made yet
let's begin this recipe by filling a
heavy large pot or deep fryer with
vegetable oil and heating it to three
hundred and sixty-five degrees next
rinse eight four ounce cod fillets under
cold running water and Pat them dry
season both sides of the fish with some
salt and ground pepper
you
add a cup of all-purpose flour into a
large shallow bowl for dredging add two
tablespoons of garlic powder two
tablespoons of paprika
one teaspoon of salt
and two teaspoons of ground black pepper
stir the ingredients to mix well
then add in a large egg
and enough of a 12 blew an ounce can or
bottle of beer to thin batter mix the
batter you should be able to see the
fish through the batter after has been
dipped
one member suggests lightly coating the
fillets with flour before dipping them
into the beer mixture to help the batter
and here to the fish fillets better so
let's do that and add half a cup of
flour onto another plate lightly coat
the fillets and flour
then dip the fish fillets into the
batter
you
then carefully lower them one at a time
into the hot oil rolling them away from
you so there's no backsplash
fry the fish in batches turning them
once until both sides are golden brown
which is about two minutes per side
transfer the fried fish fillets to a
plate lined with paper towels to drain
some members like to use brown paper
bags for this
you
Allrecipes member maggie 35 says make
sure to salt fish after removing it from
the fryer wonderful fish and we will use
this batter again and again serve beer
batter fish right away with some tartar
sauce a squeeze of lemon at cold beer